“Ten spears go to battle, and nine shatter. Did the war forge the one that remained? No, all the war did was identify the spear that would not break.”

“For us, the storm has passed… the war is over. But let us never forget those who journeyed into the howling darkness and did not return. For their decision required courage beyond measure; sacrifice, and unshakeable conviction that their fight… our fight, was elsewhere. As we start to rebuild, this hillside will remain barren, a memorial to heroes fallen. They ennobled all of us, and they shall not be forgotten.”

"In chess, as in life, a man is his own most dangerous opponent."

“He who controls the past controls the future. He who controls the present controls the past.”

“If my life is going to mean anything, I have to live it myself.”

“Life is only precious because it ends.”

"There are 10 types of people in the world: Those who understand binary, and those who don't."

“We work in the dark, to serve the light. We are assassins.”

“Life happens wherever you are, whether you make it or not.”

"Pride is not the opposite of shame, but its source. True humility is the only antidote to shame."

"He who fights monsters should see to it that he himself does not become a monster. And if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you."

"No matter how much you think you love somebody, you'll step back when the pool of their blood edges up too close."

“It's so hard to forget pain, but it's even harder to remember sweetness. We have no scar to show for happiness. We learn so little from peace.”

“In a world where billions believe their deity conceived a mortal child with a virgin human, it's stunning how little imagination most people display.”

"Madness, as you know, is a lot like gravity; all it takes is a little push."

“We impose order on the chaos of organic evolution. You exist because we allow it, and you will end because we demand it."

“We have arrived, and it is now that we perform our charge. In fealty to the God-Emperor, our undying Lord, and by the grace of the Golden Throne, I declare Exterminatus upon the Imperial world of Typhon Primaris. I hereby sign the death warrant of a world and consign a million souls to oblivion. May Imperial Justice account in all balance. The Emperor protects.”

“War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.”

"One death is a tragedy; one million deaths is a statistic."

“And I looked, and behold a pale horse: and his name that sat on him was Death, and Hell followed with him. And power was given unto them over the fourth part of the earth, to kill with sword, and with hunger, and with death, and with the beasts of the earth.”

“The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The next best time is today.”

"Stand in the ashes of a trillion dead souls and ask the ghosts if honor matters. Their silence is the answer."

"Beware an old man in a profession where men usually die young."

“For every person that dreams up the electric lightbulb, there's one that dreams up the atom bomb.”

"The nitrogen in our DNA, the calcium in our teeth, the iron in our blood, the carbon in our apple pies were made in the interiors of collapsing stars. We are made of starstuff."

"I looked up at the mass of signs and stars in the night sky and laid myself open for the first time to the benign indifference of the world."

“You are destined to become what the universe thinks you were.”

"They killed the best of us, so they are stuck with the worst of us."

"So long as you refuse to obey, you are human."

"Words without conviction is just noise."

“Is a thing evil, when it simply obeys its own nature?”

“When the only tool you have is a hammer, every problem is a nail.”

“Men build too many walls and not enough bridges.”

“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.”

"Seize the day. Because, believe it or not, each and every one of us in this room is one day going to stop breathing."

"Good people end up in Hell because they can’t forgive themselves."

“We don’t read and write poetry because it’s cute. We read and write poetry because we are members of the human race. And the human race is filled with passion. Medicine, law, business, engineering - these are noble pursuits and necessary to sustain life. But poetry, beauty, romance, love, these are what we stay alive for.” 

"The two hardest things to say in life are hello for the first time and goodbye for the last." 

“Airports see more sincere kisses than wedding halls. The walls of hospitals have heard more prayers than the walls of churches.”

"The people will not revolt. They will not look up from their screens long enough to notice what’s happening"

"Everyone you meet always asks if you have a career, are married, or own a house as if life was some kind of grocery list. But no one ever asks you if you are happy" 

"I think the saddest people always try their hardest to make people happy. Because they know what it feels like to feel absolutely worthless and they don't want anyone else to feel like that."

"People Cry, not because they're Weak. It's because they've been Strong for too Long."

“Waste no more time arguing what a good man should be. Be one.” 

"Death is nature’s way of saying, 'Your table is ready.'"

"You’re only given a little spark of madness. You mustn't lose it."